</s><s>A recent systematic analysis showed that in 2011, 314 ( 296 - 331 ) million children younger than 5 years were mildly, moderately or severely stunted and 258 ( 240 - 274 ) million were mildly or severely underweight in the developing countries. In addition, there are reports regarding the prevalence of underweight among elementary school aged children in tehran varied from 6% to 16%. The study also shows that in shiraz university of medical sciences, charities and welfare organization of fars province, two elementary schools and one middle school in the third region of the urban area of shirkaz were selected randomly. The study was conducted with the aim of improving the nffp, so that by its resources all poor children will be covered even in big cities. In the study, the study determines the effects of nutrition intervention in an advocacy process model on children's nutrition and health. The research group was formed with representatives of all stakeholders, including the education organization, welfare organization, food and cosmetic product supervisory office and several non- governmental organizations and charities. In addition to the research group, the research team had several meetings with the students' parents to justify the project and its benefit for their children. The group also had several meeting with the parents of the students who were malnourished and poor and they educated and justified for better nutrition life style. In the present study, the study assesses the effect of the nutrition intervention on school age children and their families. The results of the study are presented as mean sd and proportions as appropriated. The results are expressed as mean SD and percentages as appropriated. The analysis of the results of this study is conducted as follows: the study population contains 2897 children ; 70.8% were primary school students and 29.2% were secondary school students. The research team was formed to analyze the effects on the malnutrition status of students and their parents. The main focus of the research was education and justification campaign, nutritional intervention, providing nutritious snacks, nutrition education, and networking. The report also discusses the importance of community nutrition intervention to improve the nutrition status of school-aged children in the country. The authors of the report state that the study was carried out between 2009 and 2010, iran, iran, and fars provinces. The author of the paper, Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, is a member of the medical sciences and charities and education organization. He is the author of a paper describing the study and its results. In this paper, the author describes the study as a blending of